content/post/getting-started/index.md, before:

---
title: Welcome to Wowchemy, the website builder for Hugo
subtitle: Welcome 👋 We know that first impressions are important, so we've populated your new site with some initial content to help you get familiar with everything in no time.

# Summary for listings and search engines
summary: Welcome 👋 We know that first impressions are important, so we've populated your new site with some initial content to help you get familiar with everything in no time.

# Link this post with a project
projects: []

# Date published
date: '2020-12-13T00:00:00Z'

# Date updated
lastmod: '2020-12-13T00:00:00Z'

# Is this an unpublished draft?
draft: false

# Show this page in the Featured widget?
featured: false

# Featured image
# Place an image named `featured.jpg/png` in this page's folder and customize its options here.
image:
  caption: 'Image credit: [**Unsplash**](https://unsplash.com/photos/CpkOjOcXdUY)'
  focal_point: ''
  placement: 2
  preview_only: false

authors:
  - admin
  - 吳恩達

tags:
  - Academic
  - 开源

categories:
  - Demo
  - 教程
---

## Overview

1. The Wowchemy website builder for Hugo, along with its starter templates, is designed for professional creators, educators, and teams/organizations - although it can be used to create any kind of site
2. The template can be modified and customised to suit your needs. It's a good platform for anyone looking to take control of their data and online identity whilst having the convenience to start off with a **no-code solution (write in Markdown and customize with YAML parameters)** and having **flexibility to later add even deeper personalization with HTML and CSS**
3. You can work with all your favourite tools and apps with hundreds of plugins and integrations to speed up your workflows, interact with your readers, and much more

[![The template is mobile first with a responsive design to ensure that your site looks stunning on every device.](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/wowchemy/wowchemy-hugo-modules/main/starters/academic/preview.png)](https://wowchemy.com)

## Get Started

- 👉 [**Create a new site**](https://wowchemy.com/templates/)
- 📚 [**Personalize your site**](https://wowchemy.com/docs/)
- 💬 [Chat with the **Wowchemy community**](https://discord.gg/z8wNYzb) or [**Hugo community**](https://discourse.gohugo.io)
- 🐦 Twitter: [@wowchemy](https://twitter.com/wowchemy) [@GeorgeCushen](https://twitter.com/GeorgeCushen) [#MadeWithWowchemy](https://twitter.com/search?q=%23MadeWithWowchemy&src=typed_query)
- 💡 [Request a **feature** or report a **bug** for _Wowchemy_](https://github.com/wowchemy/wowchemy-hugo-themes/issues)
- ⬆️ **Updating Wowchemy?** View the [Update Tutorial](https://wowchemy.com/docs/hugo-tutorials/update/) and [Release Notes](https://wowchemy.com/updates/)

## Crowd-funded open-source software

To help us develop this template and software sustainably under the MIT license, we ask all individuals and businesses that use it to help support its ongoing maintenance and development via sponsorship.

### [❤️ Click here to become a sponsor and help support Wowchemy's future ❤️](https://wowchemy.com/sponsor/)

As a token of appreciation for sponsoring, you can **unlock [these](https://wowchemy.com/sponsor/) awesome rewards and extra features 🦄✨**

## Ecosystem

- **[Hugo Academic CLI](https://github.com/wowchemy/hugo-academic-cli):** Automatically import publications from BibTeX

## Inspiration

[Check out the latest **demo**](https://academic-demo.netlify.com/) of what you'll get in less than 10 minutes, or [view the **showcase**](https://wowchemy.com/user-stories/) of personal, project, and business sites.

## Features

- **Page builder** - Create _anything_ with [**widgets**](https://wowchemy.com/docs/page-builder/) and [**elements**](https://wowchemy.com/docs/content/writing-markdown-latex/)
- **Edit any type of content** - Blog posts, publications, talks, slides, projects, and more!
- **Create content** in [**Markdown**](https://wowchemy.com/docs/content/writing-markdown-latex/), [**Jupyter**](https://wowchemy.com/docs/import/jupyter/), or [**RStudio**](https://wowchemy.com/docs/install-locally/)
- **Plugin System** - Fully customizable [**color** and **font themes**](https://wowchemy.com/docs/customization/)
- **Display Code and Math** - Code highlighting and [LaTeX math](https://en.wikibooks.org/wiki/LaTeX/Mathematics) supported
- **Integrations** - [Google Analytics](https://analytics.google.com), [Disqus commenting](https://disqus.com), Maps, Contact Forms, and more!
- **Beautiful Site** - Simple and refreshing one page design
- **Industry-Leading SEO** - Help get your website found on search engines and social media
- **Media Galleries** - Display your images and videos with captions in a customizable gallery
- **Mobile Friendly** - Look amazing on every screen with a mobile friendly version of your site
- **Multi-language** - 34+ language packs including English, 中文, and Português
- **Multi-user** - Each author gets their own profile page
- **Privacy Pack** - Assists with GDPR
- **Stand Out** - Bring your site to life with animation, parallax backgrounds, and scroll effects
- **One-Click Deployment** - No servers. No databases. Only files.

## Themes

Wowchemy and its templates come with **automatic day (light) and night (dark) mode** built-in. Alternatively, visitors can choose their preferred mode - click the moon icon in the top right of the [Demo](https://academic-demo.netlify.com/) to see it in action! Day/night mode can also be disabled by the site admin in `params.toml`.

[Choose a stunning **theme** and **font**](https://wowchemy.com/docs/customization) for your site. Themes are fully customizable.

## License

Copyright 2016-present [George Cushen](https://georgecushen.com).

Released under the [MIT](https://github.com/wowchemy/wowchemy-hugo-themes/blob/master/LICENSE.md) license.

Commit message:

Update Post “getting-started/index”

content/post/getting-started/index.md, after:

---
title: How to install Ubuntu on M1 chip?
subtitle: Welcome 👋 We know that first impressions are important, so we've
  populated your new site with some initial content to help you get familiar
  with everything in no time.
date: 2020-12-13T00:00:00Z
summary: Welcome 👋 We know that first impressions are important, so we've
  populated your new site with some initial content to help you get familiar
  with everything in no time.
draft: false
featured: false
authors:
  - admin
  - 吳恩達
lastmod: 2020-12-13T00:00:00Z
tags:
  - Academic
  - 开源
categories:
  - Demo
  - 教程
projects: []
image:
  caption: "Image credit: [**Unsplash**](https://unsplash.com/photos/CpkOjOcXdUY)"
  focal_point: ""
  placement: 2
  preview_only: false
---

## Overview

1. The Wowchemy website builder for Hugo, along with its starter templates, is designed for professional creators, educators, and teams/organizations - although it can be used to create any kind of site
2. The template can be modified and customised to suit your needs. It's a good platform for anyone looking to take control of their data and online identity whilst having the convenience to start off with a **no-code solution (write in Markdown and customize with YAML parameters)** and having **flexibility to later add even deeper personalization with HTML and CSS**
3. You can work with all your favourite tools and apps with hundreds of plugins and integrations to speed up your workflows, interact with your readers, and much more

[![The template is mobile first with a responsive design to ensure that your site looks stunning on every device.](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/wowchemy/wowchemy-hugo-modules/main/starters/academic/preview.png)](https://wowchemy.com)

## Get Started

- 👉 [**Create a new site**](https://wowchemy.com/templates/)
- 📚 [**Personalize your site**](https://wowchemy.com/docs/)
- 💬 [Chat with the **Wowchemy community**](https://discord.gg/z8wNYzb) or [**Hugo community**](https://discourse.gohugo.io)
- 🐦 Twitter: [@wowchemy](https://twitter.com/wowchemy) [@GeorgeCushen](https://twitter.com/GeorgeCushen) [#MadeWithWowchemy](https://twitter.com/search?q=%23MadeWithWowchemy&src=typed_query)
- 💡 [Request a **feature** or report a **bug** for _Wowchemy_](https://github.com/wowchemy/wowchemy-hugo-themes/issues)
- ⬆️ **Updating Wowchemy?** View the [Update Tutorial](https://wowchemy.com/docs/hugo-tutorials/update/) and [Release Notes](https://wowchemy.com/updates/)

## Crowd-funded open-source software

To help us develop this template and software sustainably under the MIT license, we ask all individuals and businesses that use it to help support its ongoing maintenance and development via sponsorship.

### [❤️ Click here to become a sponsor and help support Wowchemy's future ❤️](https://wowchemy.com/sponsor/)

As a token of appreciation for sponsoring, you can **unlock [these](https://wowchemy.com/sponsor/) awesome rewards and extra features 🦄✨**

## Ecosystem

- **[Hugo Academic CLI](https://github.com/wowchemy/hugo-academic-cli):** Automatically import publications from BibTeX

## Inspiration

[Check out the latest **demo**](https://academic-demo.netlify.com/) of what you'll get in less than 10 minutes, or [view the **showcase**](https://wowchemy.com/user-stories/) of personal, project, and business sites.

## Features

- **Page builder** - Create _anything_ with [**widgets**](https://wowchemy.com/docs/page-builder/) and [**elements**](https://wowchemy.com/docs/content/writing-markdown-latex/)
- **Edit any type of content** - Blog posts, publications, talks, slides, projects, and more!
- **Create content** in [**Markdown**](https://wowchemy.com/docs/content/writing-markdown-latex/), [**Jupyter**](https://wowchemy.com/docs/import/jupyter/), or [**RStudio**](https://wowchemy.com/docs/install-locally/)
- **Plugin System** - Fully customizable [**color** and **font themes**](https://wowchemy.com/docs/customization/)
- **Display Code and Math** - Code highlighting and [LaTeX math](https://en.wikibooks.org/wiki/LaTeX/Mathematics) supported
- **Integrations** - [Google Analytics](https://analytics.google.com), [Disqus commenting](https://disqus.com), Maps, Contact Forms, and more!
- **Beautiful Site** - Simple and refreshing one page design
- **Industry-Leading SEO** - Help get your website found on search engines and social media
- **Media Galleries** - Display your images and videos with captions in a customizable gallery
- **Mobile Friendly** - Look amazing on every screen with a mobile friendly version of your site
- **Multi-language** - 34+ language packs including English, 中文, and Português
- **Multi-user** - Each author gets their own profile page
- **Privacy Pack** - Assists with GDPR
- **Stand Out** - Bring your site to life with animation, parallax backgrounds, and scroll effects
- **One-Click Deployment** - No servers. No databases. Only files.

## Themes

Wowchemy and its templates come with **automatic day (light) and night (dark) mode** built-in. Alternatively, visitors can choose their preferred mode - click the moon icon in the top right of the [Demo](https://academic-demo.netlify.com/) to see it in action! Day/night mode can also be disabled by the site admin in `params.toml`.

[Choose a stunning **theme** and **font**](https://wowchemy.com/docs/customization) for your site. Themes are fully customizable.

## License

Copyright 2016-present [George Cushen](https://georgecushen.com).

Released under the [MIT](https://github.com/wowchemy/wowchemy-hugo-themes/blob/master/LICENSE.md) license.
